Add commit message pratices (#3)
sourcelevel/guidelines: resources/commit_messages.md

Commit Messages

> =======

Reviewer: A valid title in markdown should contain the size of characteres for `=`, for example:

```md
Commit Messages
===============
```

Or

```
# Commit Messages
```

Author: Fixed in 83f2a53

> This pratices are based on [How to Write a Git Commit Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/) article, by Chris Beams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These practices are based on [How to Write a Git Commit Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/) article, by Chris Beams.
```

Author: Fixed in 83f2a53

## Commit Messages

>   * Separate subject from body with a blank line

Reviewer: You don't need to indent this list, you can just simply:

```md
* Item 1
* Item 2
```

Author: fixed in 83f2a53
